Chessable-understanding the code self study.md, before:

### first regular chess game.
1. Understanding Javascript 
    - refer 2-game.html and 2-game.css for static design of the 2-player chess game. 
    - let's first see coloring function the below code snippet defines the function.
    1. coloring function
        ```
        function coloring() {
            const color = document.querySelectorAll('.box')
            color.forEach(color => {
                getId = color.id
                arr = Array.from(getId)
                arr.shift()
                aside = eval(arr.pop())
                aup = eval(arr.shift())
                a = aside + aup

                if (a % 2 == 0) {
                    color.style.backgroundColor = '#8F9EB8' //dark blueish white
                    }
                if (a % 2 !== 0) {
                    color.style.backgroundColor = '#C3CDDC' //light blueish white
                    }
            })
        }
        coloring()
        ```

        - The first line in definition body selects all the elements which has the class **".box"** and pass those values in a array *color*
        - Using the for each loop we iterate through all the elements of color 
        - in the loop we get the *id* of each element
        - next, convert this string form *id* into array elements stored in *arr* 
        - *arr.shift()* removes the 0th index element from the array;<br>- note: all ids are starting from letter b eg b102, b302 etc, here we need to work using math operation so we need a to convert this string into a num hence we remove letter b from the above step
        - *arr.pop()* retrives the last element in the index eg. b102 => **102 pop() gives 2 which actually denotes the file (col no.)**
        - we again use shift() to get the 0th index now: **for 102 it will be 1 which denote the rank (row no.)**
        - and **a** is assigned **row+col**
        -using the if conditions we **color** the elements where even numbered box will dark and odd numbered box will light

Commit message:

Explanation for insertImage() function added

Chessable-understanding the code self study.md, after:

### first regular chess game.
1. Understanding Javascript 
    - refer 2-game.html and 2-game.css for static design of the 2-player chess game. and script.js for the game
    1. coloring function
        - let's first see coloring function the below code snippet defines the function.
        ```
        function coloring() {
            const color = document.querySelectorAll('.box')
            color.forEach(color => {
                getId = color.id
                arr = Array.from(getId)
                arr.shift()
                aside = eval(arr.pop())
                aup = eval(arr.shift())
                a = aside + aup

                if (a % 2 == 0) {
                    color.style.backgroundColor = '#8F9EB8' //dark blueish white
                    }
                if (a % 2 !== 0) {
                    color.style.backgroundColor = '#C3CDDC' //light blueish white
                    }
            })
        }
        coloring()
        ```

        - The first line in definition body selects all the elements which has the class **".box"** and pass those values in a array *color*
        - Using the for each loop we iterate through all the elements of color 
        - in the loop we get the *id* of each element
        - next, convert this string form *id* into array elements stored in *arr* 
        - *arr.shift()* removes the 0th index element from the array;<br>- note: all ids are starting from letter b eg b102, b302 etc, here we need to work using math operation so we need a to convert this string into a num hence we remove letter b from the above step
        - *arr.pop()* retrives the last element in the index eg. b102 => **102 pop() gives 2 which actually denotes the file (col no.)**
        - we again use shift() to get the 0th index now: **for 102 it will be 1 which denote the rank (row no.)**
        - and **a** is assigned **row+col**
        -using the if conditions we **color** the elements where even numbered box will dark and odd numbered box will light

    2. insertImage function
        - the below code snippet shows the insertImage function 
    ```
    function insertImage() {
        document.querySelectorAll('.box').forEach(image => {
            if (image.innerText.length !== 0) {
                if (image.innerText == 'Wpawn' || image.innerText == 'Bpawn') {
                    image.innerHTML = `${image.innerText}<img class='allimg allpawn' src="pieces/${image.innerText}.png"alt="">`
                    image.style.cursor = 'pointer'
                    }
                else {
                    image.innerHTML = `${image.innerText}<img class='allimg' src="pieces/${image.innerText}.png" alt="">`
                    image.style.cursor = 'pointer'
                }
            }
        })
    }
    insertImage()
    ```
    - This function is used to insert the image by using the innerText of the **list item** (refer 2-game.html)
    - The first line in definition body selects all the elements which has the class **".box"** and pass each element as such in a array temp and consider each as **image** variable
    - and for every image we define the foreach body
    - If the inner Text's length is not equal to 0 as it can be the text in *<li>* tag in 2-game.html we go in if statement
        - 1. if **image**'s innerText is Wpwan or Bpawn i.e (either a black pawn or white pawn) then,
            change the inner text by adding the image in *<li>* using '${image.innerText}' this will keep the text i.e example **Bpawn** and a img tag with **Bpawn.png** file 
        - 2. Same goes for the other pieces to be added using the text as the file name like Brook, Wqueen etc
